Update product recommendations module names (#7050)
magento/devdocs: src/recommendations/install-configure.md

The `magento/product-recommendations` module requires the following dependencies:

> -  **data-services** — This module enables behavioral data collection by tracking [user events on the page]({{ page.baseurl }}/recommendations/events.html). This type of data is required by Adobe Sensei to compute product affinities based on production shopper behavior like product views, products added to a cart, and checkouts. Adobe Sensei then uses this information to create and train machine learning models for each website and storeview. This unlocks recommendation types like "Customers who viewed this, also viewed...", which automatically adjusts with shopper behavior over time. Magento and Adobe Sensei do not collect personally identifiable information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  **data-services** — This module enables behavioral data collection by tracking [user events on the page]({{ page.baseurl }}/recommendations/events.html). This type of data is required by Adobe Sensei to compute product affinities based on production shopper behavior like product views, products added to a cart, and checkouts. Adobe Sensei then uses this information to create and train machine learning models for each website and store view. This unlocks recommendation types like "Customers who viewed this, also viewed...", which automatically adjusts with shopper behavior over time. Magento and Adobe Sensei do not collect personally identifiable information.
```

Reviewer: (change storeview to store view)
